getCommand Debug
msg: gui:guia321
Command; 2
Fim getCommand Debug
getCommand Debug
msg sem o comando: gui:guia321
Command: 2
Fim getCommand Debug
getCommand Debug
msg sem o comando: gui:guia321
Command: 2
Fim getCommand Debug
getCommand Debug
msg sem o comando: gui:guia321
Command: 2
Fim getCommand Debug
getCommand Debug
msg sem o comando: gui:guia321
Command: 2
Fim getCommand Debug
getCommand Debug
msg sem o comando: gui:guia321
Command: 2
Fim getCommand Debug
getCommand Debug
msg sem o comando: gui:guia321
Command: 2
Fim getCommand Debug
getCommand Debug
msg sem o comando: gui:guia321
Command: 2
Fim getCommand Debug
getCommand Debug
msg sem o comando: gui:guia321
Command: 2
Fim getCommand Debug
getCommand Debug
msg sem o comando: gui:guia321
Command: 2
Fim getCommand Debug
getCommand Debug
msg sem o comando: gui123
Command: 0
Fim getCommand Debug
getCommand Debug
msg sem o comando: asdÿ¯Ï
Command: 0
Fim getCommand Debug
